Moving windows networking information to a new page (#31852)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/dual-stack.md

Ensure your {{< glossary_tooltip text="CNI" term_id="cni" >}} provider supports IPv6.
{{< /note >}}

## Windows support

Kubernetes on Windows does not support single-stack "IPv6-only" networking. However,
dual-stack IPv4/IPv6 networking for pods and nodes with single-family services
is supported.

You can use IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack networking with `l2bridge` networks.

{{< note >}}
Overlay (VXLAN) networks on Windows **do not** support dual-stack networking.
{{< /note >}}

> More information on the different network modes for Windows can be found [here](/docs/concepts/services-networking/windows-networking#network-modes).

Reviewer: To align better with our style guide, I recommend:
```suggestion
You can read more about the different network modes for Windows within the
[Networking on Windows](/docs/concepts/services-networking/windows-networking/)
topic.
```
